---
layout: system
title: <fillname>
summary: <fillsummary>
---

<filldescription>

--------- INSTRUCTIONS ---------
1. Copy this file to _systems/labs/<fillname>.md
- Check the correct subfolder:
    - _systems/labs/ for systems that are still in development and not yet released.
    - _systems/stable/ for systems that are released and maintained.
    - _systems/cemetery/ for systems that are abandoned or whose functionality has been included in our mainline systems.

2. Fill all <fill...> fields in the document
3. Remove all instructions and unnecessary sections (e.g., if there are no publications, remove the Publications section)


## Documentation

- [Documentation webpage](https://potassco.org/<fillname>/docs)

--------- INSTRUCTIONS ---------
The url here is already the one generated by Github Pages of the project template. If the docs are elsewhere, edit the url accordingly.

## Download

- Source code and binary releases are on [GitHub](https://github.com/potassco/<fillname>).

## Resources

--------- INSTRUCTIONS ---------
- Here you can add additional resources like benchmarks, tutorials, etc. If there are none, you can remove this section.

## Publications

- <fillauthors>[<filltitle>]({{ site.publicationurl }}/#DBLP:journals/<fillurl>), <fillconferene>, <fillyear>

--------- INSTRUCTIONS ---------
- Ideally publications will link to the publication page on our website so follow the pattern above.
1. Go to the (Publications)[https://www.cs.uni-potsdam.de/wv/publications/] page and find the publication related to the system you are documenting.
2. Click on the publication and copy the url of the publication page.
3. Use the last part of the publication url (example corr/abs-2502-09222) to fill the line above in <fillurl>
